THE PREFACE. XV

1 know not whether Ι need make any apology for publish-
ing my notes in English. Had they been in Latin as I at
first intended, they might have been of more use to foreign·
ers: butas they are, Ι hope they will be of service to my
own country, which is what I most desire. The prose
translation will, 1 know, be thought to (lebase Virgil. But
it was never intended to give any idea of the Poet’s style3
‚the whole design of it being to help the less learned reader
to understand the subject. Translations of the ancient Poets
into prose have been long used with success by the F rench:
and I do not see why they should be rejected by the Eng-
lish, But those who choose to read the Georgicks in Eng-
lish verse, may find several translati0ns by eminent men of
our own country, to whom we are greatly obliged for their
laudable endeavours, though they have sometimes deviated
from the sense and spirit of the author. I have therefore
pointed out most of their errors, that have occurred to me;
which Ι thought myself the more obliged to do, because I
have found Virgil himself accused of some mistakeS, which
are wholly to be ascribed to a translator. I say not this to
detract from the merit of any of those learned and ingeni·
ous gentlemen. I am no Poet myself, and therefore cannot
be moved by any envy to their superior abilitieS. But as Ι
have endeavoured to rectify the errors of others; so Ι shall
be heartily glad to have my own corrected. I hope they are
not very numerous, since 1 have spared no labour, to do all
the justice to my author that was in my power3 ancl have be-

stowed as much time in attempting to explain this incom-
sparable Work‚ as virgil did in composing it.

